all jokes stand from a place of truth
Travis and it seems like there's a
kernel of truth and he was number one
that hates him he was number one last
split well it's the start of the summer
split I'm joined right now by right Coby
with coverage presented by Omni slash to
talk a little bit about the start of the
summer splits I was trying to make an
Instagram post right before this
interview you could finish the Instagram
post done have you seen my people don't
know yet did you take a long time on
your social I know I've seen you before
you take the picture like what should I
title this and then like an hour later
you walk by and you're like what it
should I title this you only get one
chance Travis we get you always post
again one chance we give one chance
summer splits here and things look kind
of weird you were talking on the dive
you kind of like the meta changes I okay
there are some things that I like and
some things I don't like you're only
allowed to either really like it or hate
it that's the two degrees here so I love
theorycrafting that's why I during
pre-season is one of my favorite times
you need to figure out what's super
strong and busted before other people so
you can try to abuse it and cry climb
the ranks so I like when there are
options and right now in soloqueue more
people you know if I pick some weird
stuff they're just like you know don't
bat an eye or whatever whereas other
times if a month ago you pick fladam
your bottom line or something like that
people will dodge where people are like
flaming you instantly before anything
bad happens that you're a moron or
something like that so I like that there
are options I don't like that you know
some things like Caitlyn are probably
like not just not gonna be seen right
some of the 80 carries are really relied
on crit items and stuff like that you're
just not gonna see but there have been
some crazy stats like in one week of
this meta we've had more pics there like
all of last year or something like that
more unique champions in all of worlds
and I do like that there is definitely
more versatility the other thing that
we're seeing that's contributing to a
lot of this craziness is that because
these are possible
picks people who don't necessarily
understand these champions that well and
don't have you know the reactions
built-in are choosing them and they're
there looking bad with them what how do
you how have you enjoyed it for today
the first day we've we've seen four
games so far fifth starting up right now
what what do you think of the meta and
how it's showing up state I think it was
pretty cool so far we had Team Liquid
like super standard team comp from you
know months and months ago
there's IRA con super early his IRA con
is still a duo that has a lot of early
kill pressure and we saw this standard
Lane or whatever get the first blood at
level two which is something that Cody
stone and aphromoo you know that this is
like second nature of them right there
respect to the you know Zyra con level
toward ever but might you know the
theory is that because Cody stones on
Vladimir champion that he doesn't have
that much time on you have to spend more
brainpower thinking about what you're
doing with your champion rather than if
I'm on I know something I've had
thousands of games on I'm only thinking
about what are my opponents doing and
then you get a step ahead so you don't
get caught out by you know stupid stuff
like oh they just got level two on that
minion I knew that was coming and you
know get first blooded like that now
going back to the LCS you I think you
died earlier during the pre-show I saw
that no I know I still I did I saw mark
cuz I got that it was somewhat of a
reference to the other infinity war joke
that you guys had made but I thought I
was gonna like there's some payoff like
somebody else was gonna show up on the
desk or something we did the infinite we
did the Infinity war is a disappearing
thing that's it that was the joke yeah I
liked part of it so you thought I was
gonna relate to like cloud 9 or
something like that because or that
there'd be like a different person on
the desk like oh we have to cuz they
said we'll have to find a replacement
for him you know why you gotta be
careful with you know spoilers here but
people don't get replaced in the movie
there's no like uh half of them are gone
and now here's the bunch of aliens - it
will have to find a replacement for him
in the okay I just I don't how was how
was that the desk or the second stream
they also did
apparently the because the clip of me
like a disappearing or whatever was on
reddit it's not legal ated yes is not
really related anyway so always a
question my tweets are on there about
the TSM pinata like CLG ana TSM pinata
that was filled with salt packets as
part of yeah as part of the tailgate
thing nice that's pretty good that's
good
what what was it like doing lead desk
with or the second stream with afro and
Peter it's super fun I mean I saw I was
thinking about it afterwards I have cast
those two guys playing League of Legends
for over five years Peter Zack and then
we also had cutie pie we also had Eugene
we had sneaky like we we had all of
these old school players and we're like
oh if we took a picture of that it could
easily have been like four or five years
ago and it's real it was really cool to
me and just really nostalgic to have you
know everyone back around and everyone's
still so relevant and commenting on on
the games and it was joking around you
can really see like the years of
friendship you know that's been born out
of this game and and all of us kind of
committing our lives to it
I missed the stream I missed the stream
did you orchestrate like I'm a cutie pie
coming on or did he just wandered but
like how does he it was just here so
then I was well if cutie Pie's here you
know do you want to come on or whatever
and say no at first now he was down he
was from the beginning he was I yeah
sure and then at the end there was a
disc I was trying to get afro and double
F to a rank ad carry or bottom Lane
duo's in LCS and they could only like
they're like I'm number one and he's
number two which was kind of boring so I
tried to call sneaky over to break the
tie so that's how he ya got all that how
did how did he big break the tire maybe
you go watch the lounge I was busy doing
interviews and stuff alright some of us
later I just hanging out in the lounge
just talking to pro players they're
hanging out in front talking to pro
players okay real work well what was the
break like for you it was actually
really nice for
the majority of it towards the end I
really wanted to get back into the
season and get to working again because
you know the schedule moves around so
much this is definitely the biggest
break that we have had you know ever
between different segments but it was so
nice to be able to have a week have
weekends you know I went to go visit my
brother I very barely to visit family
and go you know on like trips on the
weekend and stuff so that was super fun
I heard you move during the break yeah I
did move during the break how's the new
place it's really good
my roommate and I sure about him yet but
yeah the the place is super nice I like
that it's the it's a brand new building
and it's the top of the building so we
don't have people walking around above
us except for I finally heard the guy
this morning walking around up top
except for there's apparently some
random guy who does phone calls up on
the roof it's the purpose and being on
the top I thought I was like who cares
this oh he's walking around but then I
heard it yeah well now you can feel my
pain too we should talk to somebody
about that alright is there anything
that you want to say to any of the LCS
fans out there keep it up and you should
actually come watch the LCS in person
because it's super fun and maybe you
could meet cutie pie - is he gonna be
here more frequently he keeps talking
about joining the LCS and he said on the
stream that he could join any time he
wanted I I interviewed him earlier and I
was I was trying to offer him Cody
sunspot because Ephram I showed up and I
was like afro it's you I don't know how
things are going with Cody do you want
him and he Cody he said our contracts
are up in a year so then he'll bring
cutie pie in there you go alright
Cody Wright was a joke so I I was
interviewing him and I said yeah cutie
you might need to come in here because
these ATC's don't know what they're
doing these days like I was playing
Vladimir who plays Vladimir's at ATC and
then that's how it all starts all jokes
stand from a place of truth Travis and
it seems like there's a kernel of truth
and he was number one
hates him he was number one last split
true you see the stats yeah I did I
I saw him over water I read a shitty got
Cody I'm never gonna get any interview
with Cody you go you can check out the
rest of my coverage of all things
esports right here on my youtube channel
I have some unfortunate news for you
guys
things are getting much more financially
tough for me
omni / of course does everything they
can they support me it's amazing but I
think you guys might have heard that
last split it was about 20 grand for a
doublelift interview we're now at 35 I
don't know how it weighed up so much in
such a short time but I'm now spending
literally thirty five thousand dollars
every time I interview Peter and by the
way he charges another thousand for
every time that he ends up in my social
so if you guys want to help me out
that'd be super cool just subscribe to
the channel like the videos there's
other links in the description you can
check those out thanks so much to Omni /
for the support